Link to system_requirements for exact PHP versions (#9153)
nextcloud/documentation: admin_manual/installation/source_installation.rst

Required:

> * PHP (see :doc:`system_requrements` for a list of supported versions)

Reviewer: can i keep the typo?

Author: :gift_heart:

> * PHP (see :doc:`system_requrements` for a list of supported versions)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* PHP (see :doc:`./system_requirements.rst` for a list of supported versions)
```

> * PHP (see :doc:`system_requrements` for a list of supported versions)

Author: Thanks a lot!
